Now here's one thing I mentioned in the view Marchal and Andy re-act Marshall but it is important if
you go to block you'll see the l is localhost four thousand two hundred.
So your domain and that just Flashblock That's a nice view or else style in the style you want to use.
However if you deploy this app to a real server this Eurail will get passed by the server forest all
the time.
That's just how the web works.
And the same is true for our development server here.
By the way now your server needs to be set up in a way anti-development sir is to always return the
index HVM a file if it recognizes your l it doesn't understand.
So if it basically froze 0 4 0 for error.
This then allows a to take over NTIA angler router to kick in and to route to the correct component
because the server of course doesn't know it.
That's just something you have to keep in mind.
If you deploy the app make sure your server returns to index HMO file in case of 4 0 4 errors.